    Vince Lombardi123 Main Street, Columbus Ohio, 43085vince.lombardi@email.com(123) 923-8328Innovative Information Technology, data analysis, and software programming visionary with experience in optimizing IT and manufacturing infrastructures, application design and support, and business intelligence and analytics.  Advanced understanding of Object Oriented Programming and MVC structures in PHP and Python and application development utilizing modern database structures and programming languages such as MS SQL/MySQL, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and jQuery. Seeking opportunities to incorporate diverse technical knowledge and broad formal education to benefit an organization in a leadership capacity.  Educated and skilled in business optimization through the support of strategic processes, policy design, and lean methodology integration.  Demonstrated history of successful systemic process and application implementation.  Proficient in integrating both emerging and traditional methods, resources, and technologies to develop sustainable solutions and successfully achieve objectives.Proficiencies & Skills* Process Optimization & Integration* Business Intelligence & ETL* App, Web & DB Server Management* Internal Strategy Development* IT Infrastructure Design & Support* Data Gathering, Analysis & ReportingProfessional ExperienceReporting & Interface AnalystMy Awesome Company, Columbus, Ohio, 2014 to PresentDeveloped advanced Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2 queries, stored procedures, and functions.  Created and implemented table and query optimization solutions to improve overall server performance and reduce execution times.  Administrated Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services including design, composition, and actualization of detailed medical and financial reports for personnel and senior management staff utilizing Microsoft Report Builder 3.0.  Managed Mirth medical data exchange interface engine to establish HL7 data connections between host company and vendors.  Exercised script development knowledge to automate various data gathering, file writing, and transmission operations per third-party organization specifications.  Conducted SQL and report writing training seminars for various IT department personnel.  Experienced in administering, utilizing, and conducting training, with SAP Business Objects and Data Services ETL processes for the fulfilment of data analysis and Business Intelligence initiatives.Projects & Achievements* Developed script to generate state regulated medical 837 files for the Health Care Information Collection Department.  Automated data gathering and file generation operations for both Inpatient and Outpatient Public Use Data Files for all Emerus hospitals utilizing advanced SQL Server 2008 R2 stored procedures and the Python scripting language.Web Development ManagerKickstart Firm, Longview, Texas, 2012 to 2014Advised owners and senior management staff of new business enterprise on operations, finance, marketing, and IT directives and policy creation. Established web and application development department and staffed, trained, and managed development team.  Two plus years in web application management with advanced experience executing and managing projects involving Object Oriented PHP and MVC structures, Python—with multithreading concepts, MySQL, JavaScript & jQuery, and Linux. Organized and managed AWS and other public cloud IT resources for internal operations and purchased customer services including hosted web, database, application, email, and DNS servers.Projects & Achievements* Implemented and managed a GIT centralized code repository infrastructure to streamline development, provide revision control, and overcome the workflow barriers associated with a decentralized and remote development staff.* Lead designer and developer for an IT security application project involving the construction, installation, and deployment of a proprietary device designed to identify, isolate, and report, IT security threats within end-user networks.Logistical Software Engineer II / Project ManagerHuge International Firm, Longview, Texas, 2008 to 2014Developed processes and managed application development projects supporting continuous improvement initiatives to enhance visibility of manufacturing activities and facilitate the timely completion of production requirements.  Application, Web, Server, and Database Administrator accomplished in database structures such as: ODBC, MSSQL, and MySQL including advanced queries, events, and triggers; programming languages, and utilities such as: Object Oriented PHP, FoxPro, Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Linux Bash/Shell, Git.  Additional use and knowledge of MVC, iOS Objective-C, Ruby, and Java.  Built and maintained application and web servers on Linux and Windows operating systems to host applications and associated data within private cloud.Projects & Achievements* Developed and implemented application and IT infrastructure, providing Electronic Work Instructions to assembly operators; resulting in reduced cycle times, enhanced/enforced procedure revision control, demand and workload prioritization, and accurate inventory allocation.* Created a real-time data collection, analysis, and reporting application with PHP to send notifications of identified defect trends during the circuit board assembly process.  Led to overall process improvement and contributed to 7.9% factory-wide yield increase within one month of implementation.* Designed, developed, and actualized defective parts review process and application for categorizing failures to identify potential process improvement needs.  Project savings approximated at $50,000 within six months of implementation.* Managed the design, development, and deployment phases of an electronic failure data exchange application written using PHP, jQuery, and Ajax, for reporting and analyzing manufacturing test defects.  Project length approximated at 6 months including 10 contributing member.	Network Infrastructure TechnicianBest University Ever, Boston, MA, 2005 to 2008Maintained Cisco and Nortel network and telecommunication infrastructure equipment and connectivity campus-wide.  Regularly configured switch and router VLAN profiles and resolved both standard and non-standard service requests.  Responsible for troubleshooting and repairing computer and network issues.  Coordinated data and voice drop installations with external contractors throughout the campus.Education and DevelopmentMaster of Business Administration ? Information Technology ManagementBest University Ever, Boston, MA, 2011Bachelor of Business Administration ? Management Information SystemsBest University Ever, Boston, MA, 2008Professional Certifications* CompTIA Network+ ?? N10-005, 2012* CompTIA Security+ ?? SYS-301, 2013* Candidate of Certified Ethical Hacker v8* Candidate of Certified Penetration Tester* Candidate of Query Microsoft SQL Server 2012